Release 3.1.0 (#2328)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes

# [3.1.0](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/compare/3.0.0...3.1.0) (2023-01-24)

### Features

* change text on the quickstart session button from "start" to "connect" when a session is running ([#1381](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/1381), [#2268](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2268))

### Bug Fixes

> * restrict visibility on fork ([#2296](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2296), [#2299](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2299))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* restrict visibility options to be compatible with namespace and parent project in fork dialog ([#2296](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2296), [#2299](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2299))
```
